# Share Meals United, Inc. Privacy policy

_Last updated:_ [DATE]

The privacy of your data — and it is your data, not ours! — is a big deal to us. In this privacy policy (the "_ **Privacy Policy** _" or simply "_ **Policy** _"), we lay out: what data we collect and why; how your data is handled; and your rights to your data. This policy applies to all products built and maintained by Share Meals United, Inc. including the Share Meals website, the Share Meals App ("_ **App** _")(the "_ **Service** _" or "_ **Services** _"). By visiting and/or using our Services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the accompanying Terms of Use. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy, and to use the information it contains to help you make informed decisions.

1. **Information We Collect or Receive.** When you use the Service, we may collect and/or receive the following types of information. By using our Service, you authorize us to collect and/or receive such information.

1. Account Registration. To register for a Share Meals account, you may provide us with your name, college or university, and email address ("_ **Personal Information** _"). You may register for a Share Meals account using certain social logins, such as Google and Facebook. If you register for Share Meals using a social login, Share Meals may receive information about you from your social login provider, which may include your name, age, email address and contacts.

2. Profile Page and Information: You may create a profile page ("Profile") after registering for your Share Meals account. Your Profile will be populated by the information you submit, such as your name, school name and location, email, and profile picture ("Profile Information"). Your phone number or other preferred method of contact may also be included in your Profile as Profile Information. Other Share Meals users may be able to search for your Profile using your name, username, email address, phone number, or school name and location. By default, your Profile and Profile Information is visible to other Share Meals users.

3. Billing Information. If you choose to make a purchase or subscribe to a feature or service ours that requires a fee, you will be required to provide us with your payment information, including credit card information and billing address ("Payment Information"). This is so we can charge you for service, calculate taxes due, and send you invoices. Your Payment Information is sent to our third-party payment processor pursuant to the terms and conditions of their privacy policies and terms of use. We may store a record of the payment transaction, including the last 4 digits of the credit card number and as-of billing address, for account history, invoicing, and billing support. We may store your billing address to calculate any sales tax due in the United States or VAT in the EU, to detect fraudulent credit card transactions, and to print on your invoices.

4. Geolocation Data. Certain features and functionalities of the Service are based on your location. In order to provide these features and functionalities while you are using your mobile device, we may, with your consent, automatically collect geolocational information from your mobile device or wireless carrier and/or certain third-party service providers (collectively, "Geolocational Information"). Geolocational sharing is not required to use the App. We may log all access to all accounts by full IP address so that we can prevent unauthorized access. We also log full IP addresses used to sign up for a product account.

5. Third-Party Analytics. We and the third-party technology providers which we work use third-party analytics services (e.g., Google Analytics) to evaluate your use of the Share Meals App, compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information relating to the Share Meals App and mobile and internet usage. These third parties use cookies and other technologies to help analyze and provide us the data. You consent to the processing of data about you by these analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. For more information on these third parties, including how to opt out from certain data collection, please visit [URLs]. Please be advised that if you opt out of any such service, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Share Meals App.

6. Communicating with you. You may send Share Meals any questions or comments. We may keep the correspondence, including the email address or phone number you provided, to send you messages related to your questions, comments, or the Servicefor verification, transactions, or support. We may also store any information you volunteer in surveys or questionnaires. In addition, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by emailing nucleus@sharemeals.org or clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of any of our marketing e-mails. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to process such requests in a timely manner. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our subscription databases. You cannot opt out of receiving transactional e-mails related to the Share Meals App (e.g., requests for support). or clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of any of our marketing e-mails. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to process such requests in a timely manner. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our subscription databases. You cannot opt out of receiving transactional e-mails related to the Share Meals App (e.g., requests for support).

7. Activity Data. When you use the Services, we may automatically collect or receive your activity information regarding you and your use of Services, such as your interactions with us and our advertising; and informationinformation regarding your computer and mobile devices used to access the Share Meals App (collectively, the "Activities Information"). Such Activities Information may include technical specifications (e.g., browser, device type, operating system, viewfinder size, script errors, and IP address), navigation (e.g., pages visited, referrers, URL parameters, and session duration), and IP address.

8. Cookies. When you access the Share Meals website, we store certain data from your browser using cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to data about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. If you do not want your data to be collected by cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature. However, cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features available on the website (e.g., customized information). You can find more information about cookies and how to manage them [here](https://allaboutcookies.org/).

1. **How We Process Your Information**. Share Meals may process your personal information according to the following legal bases: to provide products or services you request, to promote Share Meal's legitimate interests, to comply with legal obligations, and with your consent. In particular, Share Meals may process and share your personal information in the following ways:

1. You authorize us to use the Personal Information, Profile Information, Payment Information, Geolocational Information, and Activities Information (collectively, the "Information") to:
  1. Provide and improve our Share Meals App
  2. provide our Services;
  3. solicit your feedback; and
  4. inform you about our products and services.

2. We engage third-party companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include providing technical assistance, customer service, marketing assistance, and administration of promotional programs. These other companies entities will have access to the Information only as necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law.

3. We may process and share personal information if necessary to comply with legal requests, such as subpoenas or court orders. We may share personal information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to assist law enforcement, or to prevent imminent harm. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents, or government agencies.

4. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, the Information may be a part of the transferred assets. We will notify you before any of the Information becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

5. We may process aggregated, de-identified, or otherwise anonymous or anonymized information for any purpose. Such information is not considered personal information.

1. **Your Data Rights**

1. If you have provided us any Personal Information, you may access, remove, review, and/or make changes to the same by contacting us as set forth below. We may also deliver notifications to your mobile device (e.g., push notifications). You can disable these notifications by deleting the relevant service or by changing the settings on your mobile device.

1. **How We Protect Your Information**. We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases or the databases of the third parties with which we may share such Information, nor can we guarantee that the Information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. In particular, e-mail sent to us may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail.

2. **Important Notices to Non-U.S. Residents**. The App and its servers are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that your Information, including your Personal Information, may be transferred to, processed, maintained, and used on computers, servers, and systems located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to use the App, you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to such transfer, processing, and use in the United States and elsewhere.

3. **App Stores; External Websites**. Your app store (e.g., Apple App Store or Google Play) may collect certain information in connection with your use of the App, such as Personal Information, Payment Information, Geolocational Information, and other usage-based data. We have no control over the collection of such information by a third-party app store, and any such collection or use will be subject to that third party's applicable privacy policies. The App may contain links to third-party websites. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of these websites. As such, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of those third-party websites. You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any other websites.

4. **Children**. The App is not directed to children under the age of 13. We adhere to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and will not knowingly collect Personal Information from or knowingly advertise our service to any child under the age of 13. We ask that minors (under the age of 13) not use the App. If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us and request that such information be deleted from our records.

5. **Changes to This Privacy Policy**. This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on the App. By accessing the App after we make any such changes to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes. Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, our use of the Information is governed by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collect the Information. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.

6. **How to Contact Us**. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at [nucleus@sharemeals.org](mailto:nucleus@sharemeals.org) with "Privacy Policy" in the subject line.
